Core Backend 2 

DRY => Don't repeat yourself principle

"Program to an interface, not an implementation" is a fundamental software
 design principle which states that your code should depend on abstract 
contracts (interfaces or abstract classes) rather than concrete execution 
details (classes).

Good design tries to achieve this:

New requirement
      ↓
Small localized change
      ↓
Existing code remains stable
      ↓
Less chance of bugs

SOLID Principles

S => Single Responsibility Principle
O => Open to extension / Closed to modification - Open/Closed Principle
L => Liskov's Substitution Principle
I => Interface Segregation Principle
D => Dependency Inversion Principle



All of these five principles are not followed as a strict practice while
coding. We use these as a framework and apply them where we need them as 
a guide. It is about managing change and avoid unnecessary coupling


Single Responsibility Principle - 
A class should have only one responsibility or one reason to change
itself. A class should not contain many methods, behaviors that will
make it change itself frequently. It does not mean it should have only
one responsibility or concern.


Open to extension / Close to modification (Open/Closed Principle) - 
When we make any changes to our code, we should be able to add new code
without modifying the previously tested code. It will introduce more errors
 and unknown behaviors in the future. 
We achieve this using abstract methods and interfaces. It becomes easy
to add new methods or classes with the help of interfaces and not change
our previous code.
SOLID should make your code simpler to change—not unnecessarily
 complicated.


Liskov's Substitution Principle - 
Objects of a subclass should be replaceable with objects of their
 superclass without breaking the program's expected behavior.
If there are many behaviors inside of a class for a certain task, it makes
sense that all of the children of that class may not exhibit that kind of 
a behavior. A penguin belongs to a bird class but it cannot fly like
other birds. So flying behavior is not exhibited by penguins. 

UPI payment & Debit card payment


Interface Segregation Principle - 
A single interface should not have many methods inside it. We should have
separate interfaces for those classes that have nothing to do with each
other. It does not make any sense to keep many methods inside of a class
that has nothing related to itself.


Dependency Inversion Principle - 
A higher level modules should not depend on its lower level modules ]classes inside of a program, instead we should have an abstract class that 
handles both of the higher and lower modules. This makes them more 
independent of each other, it is dependency inversion.
Business logic should depend on capabilities, not implementation details.


All of these SOLID principles are related to each other and often 
complement each other while programming.

1. SRP

Learn how to identify responsibilities and separate concerns.

2. OCP

Learn polymorphism, interfaces, and designing for variation.

3. LSP

Learn what makes inheritance and implementations behaviorally correct.

4. ISP

Learn how to design clean, focused interfaces.

5. DIP

Learn abstractions, constructor injection, and decoupling business logic from implementation details.











































